Online Batch Support (#490)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: pkg/batch/GUIDE.md

# Batch Processor - User Guide

## Overview

> There are certain usecases where the inference requests are not latency sensitive (i.e., cardinality of the required SLO >= minutes). For these usecases, an asynchronous, queue-based support is required.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
There are certain use cases where the inference requests are not latency sensitive (i.e., cardinality of the required SLO >= minutes). For these use cases, an asynchronous, queue-based support is required.
```
